Why do you say I can't afford it?
This one is a ruby.
10 million if you can afford it
What are you pretending to be, boss?
Only 10 million
I thought it was how much
I'll take it.
Ok you sidekick
You're finished.
If you don't break this necklace today
Lost money
You're not going to walk out that door.
I smashed it.
You obviously broke it.
What's going on?
It's him he can't afford it
He insisted on touching the necklace of Red Fire and broke him.
It's me who wants to buy cigarettes and won't let me buy them
Also pull me
Obviously you pulled it and smashed it.
You buy
You poor
Also worthy of a 10 million necklace
If you don't want to be killed by Master Bear
Go home and sell your car and house
This sidekick
Master Xiong is our VIP.
We won't pit you either.
Just at cost
You pay
5 million it
I didn't smash it, why should I?
And quibble about the security guards?
Take him away